Rename (#923)
resin-io/docs: shared/getting-started/getDeviceOnDash/jetson-tx2.md

> Before you can flash your **{{ $device.name }}** with balenaOS, you'll need to make sure it has a compatible version of [JetPack](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/jetpack) installed. We currently recommend version 3.2 with L4T R28.2, as this is the latest we have tested for support, and other versions might not boot balenaOS. If you need to install a different version, you can find instructions on the [Nvidia website](http://docs.nvidia.com/jetpack-l4t/#developertools/mobile/jetpack/l4t/3.2/install.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can flash your **{{ $device.name }}** with balenaOS, you'll need to make sure it has a compatible version of [JetPack](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/jetpack) installed. We currently recommend version 3.2 with L4T R28.2, as this is the latest we have tested for support, and other versions might not boot {{ $names.os.lower }}. If you need to install a different version, you can find instructions on the [Nvidia website](http://docs.nvidia.com/jetpack-l4t/#developertools/mobile/jetpack/l4t/3.2/install.htm).
```

> Once you have a compatible version of JetPack, make sure your **{{ $device.name }}** development board is powered off. Insert the SD card you've flashed with balenaOS and plug in the power cord. Press and hold the power button for one second to turn the device on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a compatible version of JetPack, make sure your **{{ $device.name }}** development board is powered off. Insert the SD card you've flashed with {{ $names.os.lower }} and plug in the power cord. Press and hold the power button for one second to turn the device on. 
```
